#Off
A text-based RPG for the messaging client Slack.
  * Our game is seperated into many small adventures, each of which is randomly generated, but still relies on the same layout.
  * We currently support enemies, weapons, armor, potions, and miscellaneous items. The information on these items is regularly called from JSON files.
  * Our game currently has two places, one uses items and enemies found in classic RPGs. The second embodies our love of memes.
  * We are using Firebase to store the character information, which is generated by Python and Slack API.

## USAGE
This product was designed to be an easy way to play games on Slack. Due to the fact Slack is used as a messaging client for many companies, we named our product Off, to reinforcement the term "slack off". We created this project because we thought the idea would be really entertaining.

##Getting Started
First, install Python 3.6.x on to your computer.

Next you will need to import the following:
<pre><code>pip install python-firebase
pip install slackclient
pip install requests
pip install markovify</code></pre>

To get the BOT_ID for your Slack Bot you will need to run the following file. Before you run this code, change the Slack Token in line 7 to a slack token you need to create. You can easily create a slack token using: https://api.slack.com/docs/oauth-test-tokens
<pre><code>python print_bot_id.py</code></pre>

You will need to specify the url for the firebase project you will be using. Using the BOT_ID you found using the previous command and the Slack Token you created, set up your bot in your repository.
<pre><code>
export FIREBASE_URL="firebase url"
export BOT_ID= "bot id"
export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN="slack bot token"
</code></pre>

## OTHER SOURCES OF DOCUMENTATION
python-firebase: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-firebase/1.2
slackclient: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/slackclient
markovify: https://github.com/jsvine/markovify

## Contributor Guide
Our contributors guide can be found at Off/CONTRIBUTING_TEMPLATE.md


##List of Commands in Slack
<ul>
<li>adventure:<code>@Bot adventure</code>
  If your character is in stages 0, 1, and 2. This allows your character to progress to the next stage.
</li>
<li>allocate:<code>@Bot allocate attribute numPoints</code>
  This will allocate the specified number of allocation points to the attribute.
</li>
<li>attack:<code>@Bot attack</code>
  If your character is in an encounter with an enemy, this command will allow you to start attacking. In each attack, both the character and the enemy will attack in an order decided on by luck.
</li>
<li>buy:<code>@Bot buy item</code>
  Use buy to purchase items from the general manager in the village.
</li>
<li>drink:<code>@Bot drink item</code>
  Use this command to drink potions to increase your character's health.
</li>
<li>equip:<code>@Bot equip armor</code>
Changes your current armor to another specified armor in your inventory.
</li>
<li>exp:<code>@Bot exp</code>
  Allows you to see your experience points and allocation points.
</li>
<li>flee:<code>@Bot flee</code>
  If your character has encountered an enemy, this command will allow you to flee back to the village. By doing this, you will be reset back to stage 0 or your current adventure.
</li>
<li>help:<code>@Bot help</code>
  This command will print a list of all commands you can use in the game.
</li>
<li>inventory:<code>@Bot inventory</code>
  Allows you to see all the items in your invetory.
</li>
<li>money:<code>@Bot money</code>
  This will return the amount of money you currently have in your inventory.
</li>
<li>newChar:<code>@Bot newChar characterName</code>
  Creates a new character for your username. Each Slack user can have multiple characters, each is stored in firebase with it's information.
</li>
<li>sell:<code>@Bot sell item</code>
  This allows you to sell an item from your inventory to the general manager in the village.
</li>
<li>stats:<code>@Bot stats</code>
  Will display your character's attributes.
</li>
<li>tradelist:<code>@Bot tradelist</code>
  This will shows the items the general manager has to sell in the town.
</li>
<li>travel:<code>@Bot travel</code> 
Allows you to travel to another town with different enemies. This command is unlocked after defeating a boss and achieving level 5.
</li>
<li>wield:<code>@Bot wield weapon</code>
  Changes your current weapon to another specified weapon in your inventory.
</li>
<li>whereami:<code>@Bot whereami</code>
  Tells you which village you had previously visited. This also specifies the pack of enemies in this area.
</li>
</ul>
